\input texinfo @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c
@c Created: 
@c    Sun Apr 15 2001
@c
@c Revisions: 
@c $Log$
@c
@c
@setfilename huskyfaq.info
@settitle FAQ zum Husky-Paket
@setchapternewpage on
@footnotestyle separate
@ifset shorttitlepage-enabled
@shorttitlepage ShortTitle
@end ifset
@titlepage
@title HuskyFAQ
@subtitle What ? Husky ? Whats that ? :-)
@author @copyright{} Joerg Jaspert
@page@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
Copyright @copyright{} 2001 - .... Husky Team.
Small FAQ for the Husky-Project, a collection of Software for
Fidonet-Systems.@*
@sp 2
@end titlepage
@page
@contents

@ifinfo
@dircategory Fidonet Software
@direntry
* HuskyFAQ: (huskyfaq).  A small FAQ to the Husky-Project
@end direntry

@node Top, convent, , (dir)
@top huskyintro

This document is a small FAQ to the Husky-Project.
Written because the FAQ from Markus Mandalka is a little
outdated, very small and only in German. (Yes, my first
start with this was in german too, but now it is in (bad)
english :) ).
@end ifinfo

@menu
* convent:: How to read this FAQ.
* general:: General Questions about Husky and this FAQ.
* fidonet:: Questions about Fidonet.
* programs:: Questions about Husky Programs.
@end menu


@node convent, general, Top, Top
@c === How to read this Dokument, etc.
@c === Shoud be extended.
@chapter How to read this FAQ.

@enumerate
@item Turn on your brain.
@item Turn on your eyes.
@item Go on and read it.
@end enumerate
@*
But you should know some things:

If i say Husky i usually mean the whole Project, including all
Software and all Developers.
Hmm, there is more but i dont remember now :)

@node general, get, convent, Top
@c === Some General things about it.
@chapter General Questions about Husky and this FAQ.

@menu
* get:: Where to get the newest Version of this Document ?
* contact:: How to contact the Author(s) ?
* contribute:: How to contribute to this FAQ ?
* contribute2:: How to contribute to one of the Programs in Husky ?
* whatis:: What is the Husky-Project ?
* hardware:: On which Systems does Husky works ?
@end menu

@node get, contact, general, general
@c --- Where are the newest Failures written by me ?
@section Where to get the newest Version of this Document ?
There are many ways to get the newest Version of the FAQ.
@c -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
@subsection Using CVS
If you have access to the Husky CVS Server then you should take a
look at the huskybse-Directory.
@subsection Using the Web.
The latest and greatest Version is always available via
@uref{http://cvs.physcip.uni-stuttgart.de/cvs2, Web-CVS for Husky}. Just 
download the latest huskybse*.tar.gz
@subsection [Debian]: Using apt-get
Not yet available, but in the near future their will be a
Debian-Package with all available Doku and example Configurations for
Husky. This FAQ is included there.

@node contact, contribute, get, general
@c --- Only for good things, no bad please :)
@c --- Other Authors (if there will be one :) ) just add your
@c --- Contact Information.
@section How to contact the Author(s) ?
You can reach me via Fidonet at 2:2435/109 or in the Echo
@b{FIDOSOFT.HUSKY}.
You can send a email to @email{joerg@@goliathbbs.dnsalias.net, Joerg Jaspert}.

@node contribute, contribute2, contact, general
@c --- What ? Someone has a new Question for the FAQ ?
@section How to contribute to this FAQ ?
If you have write-access to the Husky CVS Server just use this. If
not send an email to the author(s). Look at the previous question.
.
@node contribute2, whatis, contribute, general
@c --- Uhh, someone without cvs Access wants to send a patch ?
@section How to contribute to one of the Programs in Husky ?
At the very first make sure that you are using the latest version of
the program. A patch to a 2 Year old version is not very useful. :)

After this take a look at the Team-Page available at
@uref{http://husky.physcip.uni-stuttgart.de/team.html,Husky Team} to
find the email of the developer for this program. Then use gnudiff or
something similar to create a diff-file and send this with a few
words to the developer.

If you have more than one patch or you want to do more work with some
programs you should write a email to Tobias Ernst and ask for
write-Access to the cvs-Server.

@node whatis, hardware, contribute2, general
@c --- Yes, what is husky ? :) Husky's are DOGS ! :)
@section What is the Husky-Project ?
The goal of this project is to develop a complete freeware suite of 
Fidonet applications, running under Linux and other 
multitasking/multiuser systems. The suite should be comparable to 
now existing (and partly commercial) OS/2 systems.

Most of the software is GPLed unless otherwise specified.

To keep the configuration simple and reliable, all applications 
should use one set of configuration-files. 

@node hardware, , whatis, general
@c --- Here i NEED help, cos i only have Debian on an x86 !
@section On which Systems does Husky works ?
It works on every System you could get the source compiled with gcc.
I @i{think} it will work on every system which has a gcc, but i only
have a Debian GNU/Linux on x86-Hardware.

@node fidonet, , , Top
@c === Some Fidonet related things.
@node programs, , , Top
@c === Many subsections with husky-programs related bullshit :)

@bye
